.. _changes_1_3:

Version 1.3 - 21/11/2022
------------------------

CLI
~~~

- Add support for custom parameters in CLI for objectives, datasets, and
  solvers, through the syntax ``-s solver_name[parameter=value]``. See the `CLI
  documentation <https://benchopt.github.io/cli.html>`_ for more details on the
  syntax. By `Tom Dupré la Tour`_ (:gh:`362`).

- Add ``--slurm`` option in ``benchopt run`` to allow running the benchmark on
  a SLURM cluster. See the :ref:`slurm_run` for more details on the config.
  By `Thomas Moreau`_ (:gh:`407`)

- Add ``benchopt archive`` to create a ``tar.gz`` archive with the benchmark's
  files for sharing with others or as supplementary materials for papers.
  By `Thomas Moreau`_ (:gh:`408`).

- Now the result data are saved in the Parquet format. The use of CSV files is deprecated.
  By `Melvine Nargeot`_ (:gh:`433`).

- Change the default number of repetitions to ``1``.
  By `Benoît Malézieux`_ (:gh:`457`).

API
~~~

- Allow changing tracked metric in ``StoppingCriterion``.
  By `Amélie Vernay`_ and `Thomas Moreau`_ (:gh:`461`).

- Add latest git tag via ``benchmark-git-tag`` key in :func:`benchopt.utils.sys_info.get_sys_info`.
  By `Mathurin Massias`_ (:gh:`421`).

- Deprecate ``Objective.to_dict`` in favor of :func:`~benchopt.BaseObjective.get_objective`.
  By `Mathurin Massias`_ (:gh:`489`).

- Deprecate ``import_from`` in favor of a ``benchmark_utils`` module dynamically installed
  when running a benchmark. By `Mathurin Massias`_ and `Thomas Moreau`_ (:gh:`472`).

- Allow specifying channels for conda requirements with syntax ``chan:deps``.
  By `Thomas Moreau`_ (:gh:`483`).

- Allow for template ``Solver`` and ``Dataset`` in ``datasets``/ ``solvers`` directory.
  By `Thomas Moreau`_ (:gh:`473`).