.. _changes_1_4:

Version 1.4 - 03/07/2023
------------------------

CLI
~~~

- Add support for minute and hour unit suffix in timeout limit through the syntax
  ``--timeout 10m`` or ``--timeout 1h``.
  By `Mathurin Massias`_ (:gh:`535`).
- Remove deprecated ``-o/--objective-filter`` option in ``benchopt run``.
  By `Thomas Moreau`_ (:gh:`569`)


API
~~~

- The ``get_next`` method of :class:`~benchopt.BaseSolver` is no longer static.
  By `Badr Moufad`_ (:gh:`566`)

- Add :class:`~benchopt.stopping_criterion.SingleRunCriterion` to run a solver
  only once. This can be used for benchmarking methods where we are interested
  in objective value at convergence. By `Thomas Moreau`_ (:gh:`511`)

- Add :func:`~benchopt.BaseSolver.run_once` helper to easily warmup solvers
  with callback. By `Thomas Moreau`_ (:gh:`511`)

- Add :func:`~benchopt.BaseSolver.pre_run_hook` hook to ignore cost that cannot
  be cached globally for a solver. By `Thomas Moreau`_ (:gh:`525`)

- Remove deprecated ``Objective.to_dict``, ``safe_import_context.import_from``.
  Force implementation of :method:`benchopt.Objective.get_one_solution`.
  By `Thomas Moreau`_ (:gh:`569`)

PLOT
~~~~

- Add a tooltip beside to show description of objective. Description is provided as docstring of
  the :class:`~benchopt.BaseObjective` class. By `Badr Moufad`_ (:gh:`556`)

- Show solver description when hovering over solvers. Description is provided as docstring of
  the :class:`~benchopt.BaseSolver` class. By `Badr Moufad`_ (:gh:`543`)

- Enable visualizing the objective as function of ``stopping_criterion``: time,
  iteration, or tolerance. By `Badr Moufad`_ (:gh:`479`)

FIX
~~~

- Do not fail and raise a warning when ``safe_import_context`` is not named
  ``import_ctx``. By `Mathurin Massias`_ (:gh:`524`)